My kids are locked outside.
My kids are locked inside.
My kids are stuck in the door.
I have to pick on my kids.
I have to help my grandmother bake cookies.
I have to help my Aunt Flo in Omaha make cookies. She's much better now and she wants to send thank-you cookies to everyone who came to see her when she thought she was dying.
The water company has to read my meter once a year and this was the only time they would come.
The gas company has to read my meter once a year and this was the only time they would come.
The water meter guy and the gas meter guy were both leaving cards on my door about me not being home, and they got into a fight about whose meter was better, and I have to go home and clean up.
My daughter is graduating from high school and I'd like to go to the ceremony.
My daughter is receiving a Nobel Prize and I'd like to go to the ceremony. 
I have to pick up my car at the shop. If I don't get there in half an hour it'll be locked up all weekend.
I have to get my car to the shop. If I don't get it there in half an hour it'll be locked out all weekend.
My dog has a rash all over, and the vet closes early today.
My cat has a rash all over, and the vet closes early today.
My kid has a rash all over, and the vet closes early today.
My truss snapped.
My support hose popped.
I got my fingers stuck together with Krazy Glue.
I'm arranging financing for a house.
I'm arranging financing for a car.
I'm arranging financing for a beef roast.
The couch I ordered umpteen weeks ago has arrived and this was the only time they could deliver it.
The refrigerator I ordered umpteen weeks ago has arrived and this was the only time they could deliver it.
The baby we arranged for nine months ago is arriving, and I think this is the time it's being delivered. 
I have been asked to serve on a presidential advisory panel.
I'm being sent to the moon by NASA.
It's Dayton's Warehouse Sale.
My back aches.
My stomach aches.
My hair aches.
My biological clock is ticking.
I have to take my biological clock in for service.
My furnace won't stop running, and the goldfish are getting poached.
My central air conditioning won't stop running, and the goldfish are getting freezer burn.
Both my furnace and my central air conditioning won't stop running. The goldfish are fine but my basement is about to explode.
I have to go to the airport to pick up my mother.
I have to go to the airport to pick up my minister.
I have to go to the airport to pick up my minister's mother.
I have to take my mother to the doctor.
I have to take my minister to the doctor.
I have to take my doctor to my minister.
I think I left the iron on.
I think I left the water on.
I think I left the refrigerator on.
I'm getting married, and I have to go pick out rings.
I'm getting married, and I have to take a blood test.
I'm getting married, and I have to figure out to whom.
I have to have my waistband let out.
I have to have my watchband let out.
I have to have my son's rock band let out.
I'm having my eyes checked this noon, and they put drops in them so I won't be able to work afterwards.
I'm having my ears checked this noon, and they put drops in them so I won't be able to work afterwards.
I'm having my hats checked this noon, and I'll be having a drop or two so I won't be able to work afterwards.
I'm having a root canal.
I'm having a tax audit.
I'm going on a date with a sadomasochistic necrophile.
My broker needs to talk with me about diversification.
I have to rearrange my savings so that there is no more than .
I need to break into my kid's piggy bank while he's not home.
I have to renew my driver's license.
I have to get new license plates.
I have to stand in a long line for no good reason, while petty bureaucrats take inordinate amounts of time to work out the tiny problems that they detect in perfectly routine transactions. THEN I have to breeze by and renew my driver's license and get new license plates.
I've got an urgent session with my therapist.
I've got a really urgent session with my therapist.
I've ... I ... I'm not ... I don't ... I CAN'T COPE WITH THIS!.
I have to get my contact lenses fitted.
I have to get my hearing aid adjusted.
I have to get my big toe calibrated.
Hey, hey! The Monkees could be coming to our town.
My rheumatism is acting up. There's going to be a terrible tornado.
My arthritis is acting up. There's going to be a terrible blizzard.
The pharaoh is acting up. There's going to be a terrible rain of frogs.
I need to give blood.
I need to give evidence.
I need to give up.
I'm going to my best friend's engagement party.
I'm going to my best friend's wedding.
I'm going to my best friend's divorce.
I have a seriously overdue library book that I have to return.
I have a bunch of old parking tickets, and if I don't pay them I'm going to be arrested.
The police are at the back door. Cover me.
I'm having my nails done.
I'm having my colors done.
I'm having my head examined.
I'm going to the bank.
I'm going to sleep.
I'm going over the edge.
A friend of mine is dying and I have to go to the hospital.
A friend of mine has died and I have to go to the funeral parlor.
A friend of mine is being reincarnated and I have to go to the zoo.
I need to check out the hole in the ozone layer.
I need to check into a rest home.
I'm breaking in my shoes.
I'm breaking up with my boyfriend.
I'm breaking out.
I have to pick up my dry cleaning.
I have to pick out a car.
Clock speeds were lowered due to daylight saving time.
Solar flares affected the electronics.
Electromagnetic radiation from satellite debris.
Static from nylon underwear caused a power surge.
Global warming.
Poor power conditioning.
Static build-up in the accelerators.
Doppler effect.
Hardware stress fractures.
Magnetic interference from chips in new credit cards.
Dry joints on cable plugs.
The phone lines were dug up and the phone company hasn't fixed them yet.
Microsoft support is on the case.
Temporary routing anomaly.
Somebody was calculating pi on the server.
Fat electrons are clogging up the tubes.
Excess surge protection is a bad thing.
The floating point processor overflowed.
Divide-by-zero error.
POSIX compliance problem.
Monitor resolution is too high.
Improperly oriented keyboard.
Network packets travelling uphill caused a slowdown.
Decreasing electron flux.
The CPU radiator broke.
It was broken, now it works the way it was always supposed to.
The positron router malfunctioned.
Cellular telephone interference.
Tectonic stress caused a rupture in bus lines.
PCI bus drivers are on strike.
Piezo-electric drivers caused interference.
Error between keyboard and screen.
The dynamic software linking table was corrupted.
Heavy gravity fluctuations, move your computer to the floor.
The secretary plugged a hair dryer into the UPS.
Terrorist activities.
Not enough memory, close some programs.
Interrupt configuration was interrupted.
Spaghetti cable caused a packet failure.
Boss forgot the system password.
It's a bank holiday, all systems are off.
Virus attack.
Waste water tank overflowed onto servers.
Complete transient lockout event.
Bad ether in the cables.
Bogon emissions.
Change in the Earth's rotational speed.
Cosmic ray particles crashed through the hard disk platter.
Smell from unhygienic janitorial staff wrecked the tape heads.
The hamster died, waiting for replacement to be Fedex'ed over.
Evil dogs hypnotised the night shift.
A plumber mistook routing panel for decorative wall fixture.
Electricians made popcorn in the power supply.
Groundskeepers stole the root password.
High pressure systems failed.
Failed trials, system needs to be redesigned.
The server had to be recalled.
The operation was not approved by the FCC.
Need to wrap system in aluminium foil to fix the problem.
The computer is not properly grounded, try burying it.
CPU needs recalibration, bang on the case a few times.
System needs to be rebooted twice.
The bit bucket overflowed.
Code was descrambled and needs to be recompiled.
It's on a need to know basis.
Knots in cables caused data streams to become twisted.
Nesting roaches shorted out the network.
The file system is full of it.
You're out of memory.
There isn't any problem.
Unoptimized hard drive caused lost files.
Typo in the code requires recompiling.
A design limitation prevented the operation from completing.
A General Protection Fault caused the failure.
The AC line was plugged in the DC socket.
A mouse deleted the files.
Support staff are too hung over, send an aspirin.
Someone is standing on the Ethernet cable causing a kink in the cable.
It's an undocumented feature.
Runt packets caused a drop in connection.
The password is too complex to decrypt.
Electromagnetic energy loss caused a server reboot.
Budget cuts made this operation impossible anymore.
A mouse chewed through power cables.
Stale file handles.
The feature not yet implemented.
Internet outage, call the provider.
Vendor no longer supports the product.
Small animal kamikaze attack on power supplies.
The vendor put the bug there.
SIMM crosstalk.
The IRQ dropped out.
Collapsed Backbone caused a network outage.
Power company causing voltage spikes.
Operators are on strike due to broken coffee machines.
Backup tapes were overwritten with Minecraft.
The UPS interrupted the server's power.
The keyboard isn't plugged into the right port.
The air conditioning water supply pipe ruptured on the server.
The rolling stones concert down the road caused a brown out.
The salesman drove over the CPU board.
The monitor is plugged into the serial port.
Root name servers are out of sync.
Electro-magnetic pulses from nuke tests in the 60s.
Your keyboard's space bar is generating spurious keycodes.
The printer thinks it's a router.
The router thinks it's a printer.
Hackers stole the code.
We just switched to FDDI.
The halon system went off and killed the server operators.
Sticky bits are on the disk.
The connection was refused.
You put the disk in upside down.
Daemons loose in the system.
NSA spying caused an endless loop.
Disks are spinning backwards.
Communications satellite is being used by the military for star wars.
Someone needed the power strip.
Big to little endian conversion error.
Dumb terminal problem.
Zombie processes are haunting the computer.
Defunct processes.
A lack of "any" key on the keyboard.
Excessive collisions on the network and not enough packet ambulances.
Broadcast packets are on the wrong frequency.
The GET command did a POST.
SOAP fell on the floor.
The adapter failed to adapt.
Pseudo-user was not on a pseudo-terminal.
Recursive traversal of loopback mount points.
Vapors from evaporating sticky-note adhesives.
The virtual machine ran out of virtual.
The VM was not physical enough.
The VHD was removed from the server.
A bug in the management software shut off all the VMs.
The file system is not big enough for Jumbo packets.
The processor is on fire.
A runaway cat on the system.
Me no internet, only janitor, me just wax floors.
Virtual memory capacity was exceeded.
Quantum dynamics are affecting the transistors.
Only people with names beginning with 'A' are getting mail this week.
We didn't pay the Internet bill and it's been cut off.
Lightning struck the server.
The software upgrade caused the issue.
It only works in Finnish.
High nuclear activity in your area.
The UPS doesn't have a battery backup.
Recursivity error. Call back if it happens again.
Someone thought The Big Red Button was a light switch.
The mainframe needs to rest, it's getting old.
The lines are all busy.
VOIP ran out of IP.
Fatal error right in front of the screen.
We had to turn off that service to comply with the CDA Bill.
Ionization from the air-conditioning.
The CPU needs bearings repacked.
Software uses US measurements, but the OS is in metric.
Your cat tried to eat the mouse.
The Borg tried to assimilate your system.
Due to Federal Budget deficit caused a loss of money to maintain the servers.
Too much radiation coming from the soil.
Unfortunately we have run out of bits. Our next supply comes next month.
Program load is too heavy for the processor to lift.
We've run out of licenses.
Interference from lunar radiation.
You need to install a RTFM interface.